this is my new drone and yes we have
basically merged to become one being how
well a couple of days ago I received a
box in the mail the brand new DJI of V 2
and it became pretty clear to me that
this is not a normal drone this is a
firstperson view drone which means you
can pilot it with a motion controller
and I know it looks like a complicated
piece of tech but the thing that was
most shocking to me is it just feels
like playing a game on the Wii like if I
do this it moves with me but then you
put the DJI goggles 3 on your face and
that's where it properly clicks cuz this
kind of feels like using an apple Vision
Pro I can see what's around me thanks to
the cameras on the outside but because I
can also see the view from the Drone
it's like an apple Vision Pro if I could
detach my eyes and send them flying 13
km into the air it gives me the new
option for easy Acro which means that
with one button I'm doing Top Gun level
stunts oh and the drone's video is also
Tac sharp with a 1 over 1.3 in sensor
that can shoot 4K resolution at 60
frames per second